
 * A lot of different tables having to do with various kinds of documents
   have been unified in one Document class, which will record the details of
   almost any ietf documents, including Drafts/RFCs, Charters, Agendas, etc.,
   and probably also IPR Statements and Liaison statements.  Documents are now
   any text which is reasonably standalone and for which versioning makes
   sense.

 * Several separate tables having to do with groups (Areas, WGs, RGs, etc.)
   have been unified in one Group class, which has provisions for hierarchies,
   so will model Area -> WG (even -> Design Team, if desired) better than the
   current mass of tables.

 * A lot of date and date/time fields in the current tables have been
   replaced with ond history table for Document and one for Group,
   respectively.  This will provide equivalent data without a lot of date/time
   specific fields in the base table, and also a much more comprehensive
   history for both Documents and Groups.

 * A Message class will replace a whole bunch of different message-like
   objects or tables in the current database.  In particular, all of the
   following will be replaced with the Message table/object: announcements,
   iesg-comments, ballot-positions.

 * Tables matching the Trac tables whose' functionality overlaps the current
   datatracker functionality has been included, to make it possible to
   integrate Trac support for document issue tracking with other datatracker
   functionality.

 * Ballots are represented as a collection of messages which map against the
   various steps a ballot may go through.  Ballot positions for a ballot is
   registered as Messages related to the document in question, with dates
   between the initiation time and closing time of the ballot.

 * What's not covered so far is IPR disclosures, Meetings, and Liaison
   statements.  IPR disclosures and Liaison statements will most likely also
   be just documents, but the work is not done to review and integrate these.
   Meetings will need a separate set of tables to be designed.  Henrik will
   make a proposal which will be the starting point for discussions with Glen
   about this part of the desing.

 * Tables in the redesign: 16 major, 7 auxiliary (which provide names for
   states etc.)  Replaced old tables: 43

 * There remains 39 tables which are related to IPR, Liaison and Meetings.
   These still have to be considered and integrated as indicated above.

 * Some table size related numbers, as of 16 Feb 2010:

   Number of drafts		 20,379
   Number of revisions		 64,217
   Number of history lines	357,051
   Bytes of history data    355,132,749
      (in text format)
